1).What are the names of the parts of a UNIX command? List them, and give a brief description of each.

There are commands, which are just small programs pre-built into Unix. 
The Command-line is space where the user types, and the OS responds via text. 
There's arguments, which act as variables on the commands.  
The command also has a directory, which is the location on the harddrive in which the commands are situated at that moment. 
Also there is the prompt, which tells the user it's ready for input... commonly shown as $ or %. 


2).Can multiple UNIX commands be typed on the same single command line? Explain how.

Yes, you can string multiple commands together by placing an empty space, a pipe ("|") and 
then another space, followed by the next command as many times as youd like.

3).Write names of the main hardware components of a contemporary computer system.

Current computer systems consist of a Motherboard, CPU(Central Processing Unit, RAM, 
Storage (SSD usually), PSU(Power Supply Unit), Graphics Card, Sound Card, Keyboard, 
Mouse, Monitor, Speakers, and many ports (Usb, hdmi, etc...)

4).What system was the immediate predecessor of UNIX? Where was this predecessor and UNIX itself initially developed, and by whom?

MULTICS was the immediate predecessor of UNIX, and it was initially developed by 
Bell Laboratories, GE, and MIT. It was developed by Dennis Ritchie, Ken Thompson, and others.

5).Where did the three main branches of UNIX development take birth? Name two systems from the commercial branch and one from the academic branch of UNIX development.

The Original Unix Operating System was created at Bell Labs. 
It was then licensed to many colleges, which lead to CSRG making changes that 
then became known as the Berkeley Software Distribution (BSD). 
AT&T also made their own version called the System V (SVR4).  
The Commercial versions were Bell Lab's Original, AT&T's System V, 
and what later became macOS.
The Academic Version was the BSD from Berkeley College.