Kirby Campbell
1-10-2019
Lab 1


1- Make sure that you read the syllabus. (nothing to submit)
1(answer). Done.


2- Answer the following questions and upload a .txt file (using notepad or another app that creates ascii files) with the answers under "Lab 1 submission" with the following:
2(answer). Done.


a. What is the proper subject to be used when submitting email to your instructor?
a(answer). Subject line should be: CS140U online - Kirby Campbell - My Topic


b. If you are submitting late assignments, D2L dropbox will be closed. Where do you find copies of the assignments and what is the penalty for late submission?
b(answer). The assignments can be found under the Assignments Tab in D2L and the penalty is that the assignment will be worth 50% of its original value if turned in late.


c. What are the lab hours this term for our class?
c(answer). The Lab hours are Wednesdays from 7pm-9pm.

d. If you can't login to our Linux system what could be reason?
d(answer). Possibly entered my pcc.edu email address or G# incorrectly. 

e. What is the difference between Unix/Linux?
e(answer). They are essentially the same, except for that LINUX is free while UNIX is not. 

Under the discussion board topic "Your Introduction" post the following:

a. What is your major and why are you taking this course.
a. Posted on Discussions - Psychology and Computer Science Double Major

b. If you work and do not mind sharing it with the class please let us know (again, only if you feel comfortable sharing this information)
b. Just a student for now, hopefully fullstack web dev in March 2019.

c. If you have/do work with Linux/Unix what is your favorite distribution.
c. I've only played with Ubuntu a bit.

d. Anything else that you would like to share with the class.
d. From my post: Hello Everybody,  My name is Kirby Campbell.  I'm originally from Louisiana, and am really enjoying living in Portland and going to PCC now.  I just completed a 10 month Full stack web developer bootcamp, and aim to apply for jobs in the area starting in March (after I finish putting together a solid skills resume).  I eventually plan to transfer from PCC to PSU and graduate in both Psychology and Computer Science.  I think the two subjects work together fantastically, and likely will merge even more in the future. 

Experience wise, I've got an intermediate understanding of Ruby, Javascript, SQL, and Html/Css with a basic understanding of C++. 

I've thus far taken CS161, and was aiming to take CS162 this quarter until I realized I needed CS140U first in order to move forward.  So, I'm excited to learn some of the foundations of Linux and Unix with all of you this quarter!